c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\SportsStore.WebUI.dll.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\SportsStore.WebUI.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\SportsStore.WebUI.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\Moq.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\SportsStore.Domain.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\SportsStore.Domain.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\Moq.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\obj\Debug\SportsStore.WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\obj\Debug\SportsStore.WebUI.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\obj\Debug\SportsStore.WebUI.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\SportsStore.WebUI.dll.config
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\SportsStore.WebUI.dll
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\SportsStore.WebUI.pdb
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\Moq.dll
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\SportsStore.Domain.dll
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\SportsStore.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\Moq.xml
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\obj\Debug\SportsStore.WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\obj\Debug\SportsStore.WebUI.dll
C:\Users\soupsoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\obj\Debug\SportsStore.WebUI.pdb
